security/appsec/threats/add-user-info.md: add remote config disablement (#25387)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/threats/add-user-info.md

**Note**: There could be cases in which the trace library won't be able to extract any information from the user event. The event would be reported with empty metadata. In those cases, use the [SDK](#adding-business-logic-information-login-success-login-failure-any-business-logic-to-traces) to manually instrument the user events.

## Disabling automatic user activity event tracking 

> You can disable automated user activity detection trough your [ASM service catalog][14], changing the automatic instrumentation mode to `disabled` on the service you want to deactivate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable automated user activity detection through your [ASM service catalog][14] by changing the automatic instrumentation mode to `disabled` on the service you want to deactivate.
```
